README.md, before:

# ninit

A community-driven Node.js module bootstrapper.

## What?

There are so many ways to structure a Node.js application / module. Every developer has it's own style / flavor. That is great! This flexibility makes this community so unbelievable unique.

`ninit`'s aim is to provide a platform on which every developer can publish her personal application / module template in order to share best practices and therefore help to support the evolution of the Node.js ecosystem. Let's get started!

## Installation

    npm install -g ninit

## Usage example

    ninit akoenig.express-rest

_ninit_ will generate a new application that has the structure of the `akoenig.express-rest` template.


If you need an overview about the current available templates you could check the respective [directory](https://github.com/akoenig/ninit/tree/master/templates) or just type `ninit ls`

## Contributing

So this was the generator part, but what if your personal flavor is not covered yet? No problem. Feel free to add new templates as you go. You only have to perform three easy steps.

### 1. Fork ninit

Well, you know, this tiny, but famous, button.

### 2. Create a template directory

Create a new template directory [here](https://github.com/akoenig/ninit/tree/master/templates), name it like `<your-github-username>.<your-template-name>` and put all your template files into it.

### 3. Create a package.json and define some placeholders

The `package.json` within your template is the central place for the definition of _ninit_ placeholders. These placeholders represent the information which the user has to insert in the case where she wants to generate a new module / app from your template. They can be used in all of your template files and will be replaced with the actual information while generation.

The names of the placeholders are enclosed in '@' characters (e.g. _@module description@_) and the actual naming is completely up to you. The only required placeholder which has to be defined is '@name@'. See this [file](https://github.com/akoenig/ninit/blob/master/templates/akoenig.library/package.json) for an example.

That's all!

Okay, one last step: Send me a pull request and I will integrate your template into _ninit_ and push a new version to the npm registry :)

## Changelog

### Version 0.1.3 (20140308)

- Fixed `.npmignore`

### Version 0.1.2 (20140308)

- Implemented `version` command

### Version 0.1.1 (20140308)

- Created [gh-pages](http://akoenig.github.io/ninit)

### Version 0.1.0 (20140308)

- The initial version with the generator part and two templates, yay :)!

# Author

2014, André König (andre.koenig@posteo.de)

Commit message:

Removed the `.npmignore` files from the templates.

README.md, after:

# ninit

A community-driven Node.js module bootstrapper.

## What?

There are so many ways to structure a Node.js application / module. Every developer has it's own style / flavor. That is great! This flexibility makes this community so unbelievable unique.

`ninit`'s aim is to provide a platform on which every developer can publish her personal application / module template in order to share best practices and therefore help to support the evolution of the Node.js ecosystem. Let's get started!

## Installation

    npm install -g ninit

## Usage example

    ninit akoenig.express-rest

_ninit_ will generate a new application that has the structure of the `akoenig.express-rest` template.


If you need an overview about the current available templates you could check the respective [directory](https://github.com/akoenig/ninit/tree/master/templates) or just type `ninit ls`

## Contributing

So this was the generator part, but what if your personal flavor is not covered yet? No problem. Feel free to add new templates as you go. You only have to perform three easy steps.

### 1. Fork ninit

Well, you know, this tiny, but famous, button.

### 2. Create a template directory

Create a new template directory [here](https://github.com/akoenig/ninit/tree/master/templates), name it like `<your-github-username>.<your-template-name>` and put all your template files into it.

### 3. Create a package.json and define some placeholders

The `package.json` within your template is the central place for the definition of _ninit_ placeholders. These placeholders represent the information which the user has to insert in the case where she wants to generate a new module / app from your template. They can be used in all of your template files and will be replaced with the actual information while generation.

The names of the placeholders are enclosed in '@' characters (e.g. _@module description@_) and the actual naming is completely up to you. The only required placeholder which has to be defined is '@name@'. See this [file](https://github.com/akoenig/ninit/blob/master/templates/akoenig.library/package.json) for an example.

That's all!

Okay, one last step: Send me a pull request and I will integrate your template into _ninit_ and push a new version to the npm registry :)

## Changelog

### Version 0.1.4 (20140308)

- Removed the `.npmignore` files from the templates.

### Version 0.1.3 (20140308)

- Fixed `.npmignore`

### Version 0.1.2 (20140308)

- Implemented `version` command

### Version 0.1.1 (20140308)

- Created [gh-pages](http://akoenig.github.io/ninit)

### Version 0.1.0 (20140308)

- The initial version with the generator part and two templates, yay :)!

# Author

2014, André König (andre.koenig@posteo.de)
